---
title: Goodbye 2025
tags: posts
layout: article.njk
date: 2025-12-31T08:31:01Z
---

It's New Year's Eve and I figure I should probably reflect on the past year. A lot happened this year, but at the same time it flew by!

Of course the defining event of this year was my daughter being born in November! We're a month into having 2 kids, and let me tell you, people are right when they say 1+1 = X where X > 2 (okay that was a really nerdy way to write that). Our daughter is beautiful, healthy and very curious. Our son is filled with an absolutely endless amount of energy and also very curious (which means a lot of "no you can't take the baby to play" and "no she doesn't need to eat cheerios with you"). It's been a tremendous amount of work, and I'm sure it will get even harder, but it's also incredible and exciting to see what kind of people they will both become. 

Also, I now have enough players for a full game of Mario Party on the 64 (if I can convince my wife to play in 4 years when my daughter gets a little older)!

At the beginning of this year my wife and I got a little break and spent 2 weeks in Australia visiting family. We started in Tasmania and then Melbourne to spend Chinese New Year. Australia was incredible, the beauty of Tasmania can't be understated and Melbourne was such a vibrant, walk-able city. I was lucky enough to hire a gravel bike in Melbourne to cafe hop, it was a great time! Given the shit show in our home country of the United States, my wife and I tried applying for a visa to Australia when we got back, but unfortunately we are too old to really qualify. 

This summer I rejoined my cycling groups for the second year. I discovered cycling last year and fell in love. It's been an incredible escape and enjoyable way to stay in shape. The unexpected part of cycling has been the social aspect, I have multiple group rides I attend weekly that have led to meeting a lot of awesome people in my community. It will definitely be hard to find time to cycle this year (heck I've already fallen off of Zwift), but I'm hopeful I can at least stay on with my groups (one ride is at 5am, so the kids **should** still be sleeping).

Professionally, this year was a lot more stable than last. I had 4 W2s and freelance work last year, whereas this year I stayed with 1 job. I think the longest I've ever stayed at a job is 2.5 years. There's a lot of reasons behind that, but I'm not going to get into them publicly. I turned down a lot of freelance work this year as my main job was incredibly busy. I still hold onto my dream of working for myself, and will keep my LLC around in that vein, but it's looking harder and harder to reach. 

From a hobby perspective, I started this blog and began writing regularly. I've always wanted to have a long running blog, but typically gave up within a month or two. I've really enjoyed writing and tweaking my blog here and there. I've also fully switched to Linux from Mac OS, switched from iOS to Android and started daily carrying a Palm Pilot in an effort to reduce phone usage. I picked up reading again and went through a lot of books. 

"Hell Yeah or No" by Derek Sivers was the defining book for me this year. It got me back into reading and gave me focus on being more present for my kid. "Digital Minimalism" by Cal Newport was the runner up, I took a lot of his advice to heart and made an effort to implement it in my daily life. Finally, "Record of a Spaceborn Few" by Becky Chambers is absolutely my top choice for fiction this year, I loved the character/world building and happy endings.

In support of reducing phone usage, I started collecting CDs, DVDs and Blu-Rays. I picked up a 5-disc CD player and Blu-Ray player from thrift shops, and put RockBox on an old iPod that I now carry everywhere (I definitely get some looks at that gym). It's been great feeling more connected to my media. I didn't realize how much I missed physically browsing cases at the store! My son has also really enjoyed renting movies from the library as well. Makes me wish Blockbuster was still around!

I think that pretty much sums up everything interesting that happened this year. There of course was a lot of boring, mundane stuff (primarily the 9-5 grind), but I'm happy to be closing out the year on paternity leave and focusing on what actually matters, my family. It's just unfortunate my 5 weeks are just about up (again, screw the US, 2 of those weeks are vacation time too).


As for next year, I'm not really sure what my focus will be. I'd like to stay consistent with the gym (as cliche as you can get, but hey at least I already have my membership) and find ways to spend more time with my kids.

Anyways, Happy New Year to everyone!
